If you look at the people who have
succeeded the most in their health and
in fitness, and I'm I'm definitely not
talking about peed users here. I'm
talking about people who really take
care of themselves, do all the healthy
things and try and do the least amount
of unhealthy things. They're not
interested in buying whatever the next
thing is.
[music]
>> Hi, my name's John Jquish. I am a doctor
of biomedical engineering. Today I want
to talk about something that's more of
an observation and a theory than hard
science. Though I will be adding in some
some scientific observations. We often
see psychological
analyses of consumer behavior mostly
written from a consumerism standpoint as
in the US economy is dependent on people
buying stuff all the time. That's okay.
Okay, that's an economy. There's nothing
wrong with that. But I have noticed that
the people who are most sensitive to
consumerism tend to be the ones who are
very far departed from health. And if
you just watch like an advertisement
set in a in a professional sporting
match, you watch an NFL game and you'll
notice the commercials are one might be
for a pharmaceutical targeted at people
who are obese and have poor metabolic
health. And then the next commercial
might be for like some sort of snack
food which is causing the poor metabolic
health. and then maybe another
commercial for like a a canned soda or
something which is loaded with sugar and
will give you poor metabolic health.
These things are are ridiculous and I
mean should they even be sold? I mean I
I'm not a fan of the government telling
companies what they can or can't sell.
But I don't think people should want to
buy them. That's really my issue. If you
end up looking at a different
population, if you look at the people
who have succeeded the most in their
health and in fitness, and I'm I'm
definitely not talking about peed users
here. I'm talking about people who
really take care of themselves, do all
the healthy things, and try and do the
least amount of unhealthy things.
They're not interested in buying
whatever the next thing is. They're
interested in getting to a new low level
of body fat and uh maybe getting their
blood work to look even better, maybe
being able to jump higher than they've
ever jumped, to be able to run faster
than they've ever run, to be able to
lift more than they've ever lifted. And
when you get into that mindset, you
don't really care about TV ads. It
doesn't work on you anymore because you
have more important to think about.
I think everybody should
focus as much as possible on what they
can get done
with the healthiest lifestyle
and then they will end up noticing that
other things like other priorities will
automatically
shift and you end up looking at food as
fuel. You end up looking at exercise as
an absolute necessity like brushing your
teeth or going to the bathroom. You
don't skip those things. focusing on one
just [music] kind of pushes the other
out of the way and you end up so much
better off. If I said anything that you
think is wrong, please tell me I'm wrong
in the comments. But otherwise, see you
on the next video. If this video helped
you, I want you to subscribe and follow.
I'm going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights. [music] We've got the answer
for you.